Update 1.2.11 - 1.2.20 controls (#396)
rancher/rke2: docs/cis_self_assessment.md

**Result:** Pass

**Audit:**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver | grep -v grep
```

Verify that if the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument is set, its value does not include `AlwaysAdmit`.

**Remediation:**
By default, RKE2 only sets `NodeRestriction,PodSecurityPolicy` as the parameter to the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument.

> To configure this, follow the Kubernetes documentation and set the desired limits in a configuration file. Then refer to RKE2's documentation to see how to supply additional api server configuration via the kube-apiserver-arg parameter.

Reviewer: This control seeks to ensure AlwaysAdmit is NOT set. I don't think we need to give them this line about how to conigure it. This one can have the "No manual rem..." bit

SecurityContextDeny can be used to provide a layer of security for clusters which do not have PodSecurityPolicies enabled.
</details>

> **Result:** **Not Scored - Operator Dependent**

Reviewer: If a control is not scored but we pass it, put the result as pass. We do pass this one by default.

**Audit:**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver | grep -v grep
```

Verify that the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument is set to a value that includes `SecurityContextDeny`, if `PodSecurityPolicy` is not included.

**Remediation:**

> By default, RKE2 only sets `NodeRestriction,PodSecurityPolicy` as the parameter to the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument.

Reviewer: The remediation for this one should be a little more nuanced and explain that we enable the PodSecurityPolicy by default.
```suggestion
By default, RKE2 automatically enables the PodSecurityPolicy admission plugin. Therefore, the `SecurityContextDeny` plugin need not be enabled.
```

> To configure this, follow the Kubernetes documentation and set the desired limits in a configuration file. Then refer to RKE2's documentation to see how to supply additional api server configuration via the kube-apiserver-arg parameter.

Reviewer: Since the user doesnt need to do anything to get this to pass, we can drop the "to configure" line and replace it with the "no manual...." line

**Result:** Pass

**Audit:**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver | grep -v grep
```

Verify that the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument is set to a value that includes `SecurityContextDeny`, if `PodSecurityPolicy` is not included.

**Remediation:**

> By default, RKE2 automatically enables the PodSecurityPolicy admission plugin. Therefore, the `SecurityContextDeny` plugin need not be enabled. No manual remediation needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, RKE2 automatically enables the `PodSecurityPolicy` admission plugin. Therefore, the `SecurityContextDeny` plugin need not be enabled. No manual remediation needed.
```

**Result:** Pass

**Audit:**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver | grep -v grep
```

Verify that the `--disable-admission-plugins` argument is set to a value that does not includes `ServiceAccount`.

**Remediation:**

> By default, RKE2 does not use this argument. If there's a desire to use this argument, follow the documentation and create ServiceAccount objects as per your environment. Then, edit the API server pod specification file `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/pod-manifests/kube-apiserver.yaml`

Reviewer: Oh, this one is a little bit wrong because with RKE2 users cannot directly edit the pod manifest file. RKE2 will stomp on it on restart. They have to set it via the `kube-apiserver-arg` flag.  You can make it more generic like "Then refer to RKE2's documentation to see how to supply additional api server configuration via the kube-apiserver-arg parameter."

Reviewer: you could just simplify down to "no manual blah blah blah"

**Result:** Pass

**Audit:**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver | grep -v grep
```

Verify that the `--disable-admission-plugins` argument is set to a value that does not include `NamespaceLifecycle`.

**Remediation:**

> By default, RKE2 does not use this argument. If there's a desire to use this argument, follow the documentation and create ServiceAccount objects as per your environment. Then, edit the API server pod specification file `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/pod-manifests/kube-apiserver.yaml`

Reviewer: this refers to `ServiceAccount`. Bad copy pasta from 1.2.14 I think.

If you want, you can just simplify this one down to your statement about rke2 not using this argument and "No manual remediation needed."

**Result:** Pass

**Audit:**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver | grep -v grep
```

Verify that the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument is set to a value that includes `PodSecurityPolicy`.

**Remediation:**
By default, RKE2 only sets `NodeRestriction,PodSecurityPolicy` as the parameter to the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument.

> To configure this, follow the Kubernetes documentation and set the desired limits in a configuration file. Then refer to RKE2's documentation to see how to supply additional api server configuration via the kube-apiserver-arg parameter.

Reviewer: dont really need this line, since we pass this one. can say "no manual..."

**Result:** Pass

**Audit:**
Run the below command on the master node.

```bash
/bin/ps -ef | grep kube-apiserver | grep -v grep
```

**Remediation:**
By default, RKE2 only sets `NodeRestriction,PodSecurityPolicy` as the parameter to the `--enable-admission-plugins` argument.

> To configure this, follow the Kubernetes documentation and set the desired limits in a configuration file. Then refer to RKE2's documentation to see how to supply additional api server configuration via the kube-apiserver-arg parameter.

Reviewer: Same as previous, can drop this line in favor of the "No manual..."
